Update README.md (#2100)
hyperledger/iroha: README.md

# Welcome!

## What is Hyperledger Iroha?

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/960/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/960)
[![Build Status](https://jenkins.soramitsu.co.jp/buildStatus/icon?job=iroha/iroha-hyperledger/master)](https://jenkins.soramitsu.co.jp/job/iroha/job/iroha-hyperledger/job/master/)
[![Throughput Graph](https://graphs.waffle.io/hyperledger/iroha/throughput.svg)](https://waffle.io/hyperledger/iroha/metrics/throughput)

> Iroha is a straightforward DLT, inspired by Japanese Kaizen principle — eliminate excessiveness (muri). Iroha has essential functionality for your asset, information and identity management needs, at the same time being an efficient and trustworthy byzantine fault-tolerant tool for your enterprise needs. 

Reviewer: Please start each new sentence from a new line.
Otherwise, it is difficult to comment.

Reviewer: DLT acronym has to be explained at least once. Please type it somewhere. For example, it can be placed in parenthesis right after the acronym.

Reviewer: Is muri one of Japanese Kaizen principles? What is muri?

Author: @neewy please help me out with muri :)
I'll fix the sentences and DLT soon

Check the [overview](http://iroha.readthedocs.io/en/latest/overview.html) page of our documentation.
[Here](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYlK9OrZo9hvNYFuf0vrwww) is a YouTube channel where we upload meetings and explanatory videos - check them out! 

<img height="300px" src="docs/image_assets/Iroha_3_sm.png"
 alt="Iroha logo" title="Iroha" align="right" />

Iroha has the following features:

> 1. Creation and management of custom assets, such as currencies or indivisible rights, serial numbers, patents, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Creation and management of custom fungible assets, such as currencies, kilos of gold, etc.
```
We don't have the support of non-fungible tokes like `indivisible rights, serial numbers, patents`.

If you refer to SetAccountDetail, then it does not have compare-and-swap access mechanism, thus it cannot be considered as a way to implement the support for `indivisible rights, serial numbers, patents`.

### Is there SDK available?

Yes, in [Java](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha-java), [Python](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha-python), [Javascript](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha-javascript) and [iOS](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha-ios).

### Are there any example applications?

[Android point app](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha-android/tree/master/iroha-android-sample) and [JavaScript wallet](https://github.com/soramitsu/iroha-wallet-js).

### Want to help us develop Iroha?

> That's great! Check out [this document](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: Please add an empty line between the header and the paragraph.

## Need help?

> * Join [Telegram chat](https://t.me/hyperledgeriroha) or [Hyperledger RocketChat](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/iroha) where the maintainers, contributors and fellow users are ready to help you. You can also discuss your concerns and proposals and simply chat about Iroha there or in Gitter [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/hyperledger-iroha/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/hyperledger-iroha/Lobby.svg)](https://gitter.im/hyperledger-iroha/Lobby)

Reviewer: Several sentences on the same line :(
Please split them.
